Bold, I am the young master of Shenyun Sect
Don't kneel down when you see me
I am the father of the young master
I'm still the young master's grandfather
I am grandpa
I call him Dad
Ask grandpa to let you go
Brother, what's the matter with the wind?
I lost everything in the palace
Kneel down for me, boy, and spare you from death
Strange, obviously no internal force
There is a warm current surging in the body
Second brother cuts him
Young Master of Condor
Look at Wanyu's thieves
The power is too weak
I have to do it myself
It's really fast. Kung fu reaches out and looks at the palm
Ah!
It seems that the more these two idiots smoke and taunt me
The stronger the strength inside
World Heart God and Demon
Finally found you
Waited 400 years
Finally arrived
Hahahaha
Little Shadow Peak Saintess is really clever
Finally let me find you
I hand over your heart and soul
The cold actually melted the broken heart bone into my body
If you have the ability, you can pick it up yourself.
Yeah.
Do you have any internal strength?